Update FastlaneMatch.md (#116)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/FastlaneMatch.md

Fastlane match is a tool for managing certificates and provisioning profiles centrally. It downloads certificates and profiles from a GitHub repository or Google Cloud Storage bucket. For safety, centrally stored files are encrypted.

**TL;DR;**

- Please do not use Match with `--readonly false` unless you really need that and you know what you are doing

> - Please don't use Xcode code signning capabilities and don't change automatic code signning in the project settings to make it download or generate code signing documents, always use Match for that

Reviewer: Maybe: 

> Please don't enable `Automatically manage signing` in the Xcode project settings, and don't use the `Download Manual Profiles` or `Manage Certificates` options in Xcode's preferences pane. Always use Match.

> - Please don't use Xcode code signning capabilities and don't change automatic code signning in the project settings to make it download or generate code signing documents, always use Match for that

Author: It just means, "don't touch". In some places we have it enabled to be automatic, i.e. in tests.
It's not automatic on application targets and will not be while we are using match and have to configure signing manually for beta builds.

> - Please don't use Xcode code signning capabilities and don't change automatic code signning in the project settings to make it download or generate code signing documents, always use Match for that

Reviewer 2: What about:
```suggestion
- Please don't use Xcode code signing capabilities and don't touch the "automatic code signing" checkbox in the project settings (which is enabled for some test targets but should always be unchecked for our app targets). In short, don't make Xcode download or generate code signing documents, always use Match for that.
```

> - Please don't use Xcode code signning capabilities and don't change automatic code signning in the project settings to make it download or generate code signing documents, always use Match for that

Author: please check the latest edit, I think it's good enough

> - If you see the error when running Match make sure you specify correct parameters. Consult with `fastlane/Matchfile` and `fastlane/Appfile` to inspect defaults

Reviewer 3: `If you see the error` -> `If you see an error`

> - If you see the error when running Match make sure you specify correct parameters. Consult with `fastlane/Matchfile` and `fastlane/Appfile` to inspect defaults

Reviewer 2: 👍 just edited my GitHub suggestion above to take @zzcgumn 's one into account as well

## Installing Certificates and Provisioning Profiles Locally

### Day to day development

First you need to add a developer account to your Xcode settings in `Preferences -> Accounts` menu. For that you should use a shared account (credentials are stored in the 1Password team vault). _Do not download or try to update any code signing documents via "Download Manual Profiles" or "Manage Certificates" buttons to avoid more unneeded certificates on the portal._

To install development certificates locally, run:

```shell
 $ bundle exec fastlane match development --team_id <enterprise team id>
```

> This will install latest development certificates for all the app targets listed in the `fastlane/Matchfile` in `app_identifier` function (not scoped to particular lane with `for_lane` function). 

Author: ```suggestion
On the first run you will be asked a password to decrypt the repository managed by Match. The password is stored in the teams 1Password vault. After you entered the password Match will install latest development certificates for all the app targets listed in the `fastlane/Matchfile` in `app_identifier` function (not scoped to particular lane with `for_lane` function). 
```

Match checks if the certificates and profiles are valid and will prompt you if there is an issue. By default it is configured to run in readonly mode so it will not regenerate any certificates or profiles if they are not valid.

If you need to build the app locally and run it on a device that is not yet added to the development portal you need to follow these steps:

> - register device manully on the poratal. Make sure you do that in the correct team, it should be added to the enterprise team, not to the AppStore team

Reviewer 4: That can be also done via fastlane. Command probably is the following:
```
fastlane run register_device name:<your_device_name> udid:<the_udid> team_id:<enterprise_team_id>
```

Author: we should probably add a lane for that (and then it can be done through slack and will be committed via shared account, so won't be a problem with access rights)

Author: Created a task to track that https://babylonpartners.atlassian.net/browse/CNSMR-1473

- run Match to update development certificates and include this new device:

```
bundle exec fastlane match development --team_id XV8PWA37TZ --force_for_new_devices --readonly false

> ```

Reviewer 4: I'm wondering if it's worth adding here a warning:
"Ensure you have the write permission for match-repo on the GitHub".

If someone doesn't have the permission, they will update the provisioning profile on the Developer Center but they won't be able to upload it to the git repo. I had such an issue when I joined.

Author: this should be actually done by the shared account to avoid this stuff =/

Author: very good point. seems to be better to do it on CI. Though it will require checking out the project so won't be fast. Maybe there is a way to instruct fastlane to commit it with specific account.

Author: Created a task to track that https://babylonpartners.atlassian.net/browse/CNSMR-1473

fastlane match development --app_identifier com.best.app.ever.seriously --git_branch best_app_ever_dev_signing
```

When running command without parameters or not with all of them the remaining values will be loaded from `fastlane/Matchfile`  and `fastlane/Appfile` files.

## Update Contents Manually

**TL;DR;**

_This is something that you will not need to do normally but only in extraordinary situation. Consider asking for help and to do it in pair with someone not to make things worse. Officially Fastlane does not recommend this approach. For the original reference for this method visit [fastlane docs](https://docs.fastlane.tools/advanced/other/#manually-manage-the-fastlane-match-repo)._

<details>

> <summary>I know! Tell me more!</summary>

Reviewer 2: Great use of `<details>` to hide dangerous steps away 👍

[14:22:12]: 🔓  Successfully decrypted certificates repo
=> "/var/folders/8k/r0x0ys_927q8vq5_tq01ntjd2b03m3/T/d20190228-92193-16w4fz2"
```

>  

Author: ```suggestion

```
